[Azure Devops Server] Various product improvements (#2095)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/azure-devops.md

-   releaseCycle: "2013"
    releaseLabel: "TFS __RELEASE_CYCLE__"
    releaseDate: 2014-01-15
    support: 2019-04-09
    eol: 2024-04-09
    latest: "2013.5"
    latestReleaseDate: 2015-07-20
    link: https://learn.microsoft.com/visualstudio/releasenotes/vs2013-update5-vs

-   releaseCycle: "2012"
    releaseLabel: "TFS __RELEASE_CYCLE__"
    releaseDate: 2012-10-31
    support: 2019-01-09
    eol: 2023-01-10
    latest: "2012.4"
    latestReleaseDate: 2013-11-13
    link: https://learn.microsoft.com/troubleshoot/developer/visualstudio/installation/visual-studio-2012-update-4

-   releaseCycle: "2010"
    releaseLabel: "TFS __RELEASE_CYCLE__"
    releaseDate: 2010-06-29
    support: 2015-07-14
    eol: 2020-07-14
    latest: "2010.SP1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2011-03-08
    link: https://devblogs.microsoft.com/bharry/vstfs-2010-sp1-and-tfs-project-server-integration-feature-pack-have-released/

-   releaseCycle: "2005"
    releaseLabel: "TFS __RELEASE_CYCLE__"
    releaseDate: 2006-06-17
    support: 2011-07-12
    eol: 2016-07-12
    latest: "2005.SP2"
    latestReleaseDate: 2007-03-21
    link: https://devblogs.microsoft.com/bharry/tfs-2005-sql-server-2005-sp2/

---

> > [Azure DevOps Server](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/devops/), is a set of collaborative

Reviewer: Let's point to the product instead as well:

```suggestion
> [Azure DevOps Server](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/devops/server/), is a set of collaborative
```

Author: This one is even better : https://azure.microsoft.com/products/devops/server/.
